1. xCoinMoney_exchange Copy directory to the directory wp-content/plugins.

Admin:
1. Plugins section activate the plugin xCoinmoney Exchange.
2 . In basic settings you need to enter data from your profile xcoinmoney.com
- XCoinMoney User ID --- ID your account xcoinmoney.com
- XCoinMoney API Key --- secret key that you entered in the appropriate field in your profile to xcoinmoney.com
- XCoinMoney Merchant Email --- email that will receive the letter with the notification about the operations in the exchanger .
3 . Under Exchange Systems can change the names of payment systems (as they will appear in the service ) .
    You can also disable the payment system for input or withdrawal.
4 . Under Exchange Ways Showing ways to exchange rates and commissions for each of them .
    Referral Fee% --- percent . It has priority
    Min Fee --- minimum commission
    Exchange Rate - the exchange rate to be used for the operation . It is updated automatically once per hour.
If this course is not enough, you can specify your own . To do this, tick the Set Rate Manually and write your course Manualy Exchange Rate.
If you update your courses right now, then you need to click on the link Update Rates, which is located above the table courses.

5 . Under Transactions can see a list of all transactions .
    To see the details of each transaction you need to click on the link Details.
    Above the table with transactions ( section Profit) you can see how much profit has exchanger for each currency .
    In order to view information for any period of time you need to use a filter.


To display the plugin on the front-end need to create a page and enter there shortcode
[xcoinmoney_exchange] --- himself exchanger
[exchange_rates] --- table with possible operations and exchange rates.
[available_balance] --- information about the tools that are available in your accounts xcoinmoney. These funds may participate in the exchange operations

Front-End:

In the "I want to get" you need to enter how many units of the currency you want to get
    "From" -- currency you want to give
    "Get" -- currency you want to get
The next step is to fill out additional fields for each of the payment systems .
In the next step appear preview operation.